content/pages/animal-identifier.md, before:

---
type: Page
title: Animal Identifier
sections:
  - type: HeroSection
    title: Bird Identifier
    subtitle: AI Powered
    text: "**Bird Identifier – AI-Powered Bird Recognition**\n\nDiscover the world of birds with AI. Simply capture a photo or record a bird’s song, and let advanced AI instantly identify the species. Whether you're a beginner birdwatcher or an expert ornithologist, Bird Identifier makes bird identification effortless and fun.\n\n### Key Features:\n\n*   **AI-Powered Bird Recognition**\_– Take a photo, and our AI will instantly identify the bird species.\n\n*   **Bird Sound Identification**\_– Record a bird’s song to recognize species using AI sound analysis.\n\n*   **Detailed Bird Insights**\_– Learn about each bird’s habitat, behavior, and unique traits.\n\n*   **Personal Birdwatching Log**\_– Track and save your bird sightings in your personal journal.\n\n*   **Offline Mode**\_– Identify birds even without an internet connection.\n\n*   **Ad-Free Experience**\_– Enjoy a distraction-free birdwatching journey with our premium plan.\n\nIdentify, learn, and explore with AI.\nDownload Bird Identifier today and unlock a smarter way to explore nature.\n"
    actions:
      - type: Button
        label: Download Now
        url: 'https://apps.apple.com/tr/app/mindful-minutes-mindfulness/id6737522844'
        size: large
        variant: contained
        color: primary
    image:
      type: Image
      url: /images/4.jpg
      altText: Image alt text
---

Commit message:

animal-identifier.md: updated text in sections

content/pages/animal-identifier.md, after:

---
type: Page
title: Animal Identifier
sections:
  - type: HeroSection
    title: Bird Identifier
    subtitle: AI Powered
    text: "**Animal Identifier – AI-Powered Wildlife Recognition**\nExplore the wonders of wildlife with AI. Simply capture a photo or record an animal’s sound, and let advanced AI instantly identify the species. Whether you're a nature enthusiast or a wildlife researcher, Animal Identifier makes species identification effortless and fun.\n\n### **Key Features:**\n\n\U0001F50D\_**AI-Powered Animal Recognition**\_– Snap a photo, and our AI will instantly identify the animal species.\n\U0001F399️\_**Animal Sound Identification**\_– Record an animal’s call to recognize species using AI sound analysis.\n\U0001F4D6\_**Detailed Animal Insights**\_– Learn about each species’ habitat, behavior, and unique traits.\n\U0001F4CC\_**Personal Wildlife Log**\_– Track and save your animal sightings in your personal journal.\n\U0001F4F6\_**Offline Mode**\_– Identify animals even without an internet connection.\n\U0001F6AB\_**Ad-Free Experience**\_– Enjoy a distraction-free wildlife exploration with our premium plan.\n\nIdentify, learn, and explore with AI.\n**Download Animal Identifier today and unlock a smarter way to connect with nature.**\n"
    actions:
      - type: Button
        label: Download Now
        url: 'https://apps.apple.com/tr/app/mindful-minutes-mindfulness/id6737522844'
        size: large
        variant: contained
        color: primary
    image:
      type: Image
      url: /images/4.jpg
      altText: Image alt text
---
